# **CNCRanks.com Project Team Goals**
- **Visually Epic** - The main vision for the new site is that it must be visually epic and aesthetically pleasing. This means that upon landing on the site; the branding, the colours, the layout and information has a real wow-factor for anyone who lands there. Take AOE4 website as a base but improve on that. The user should be instantly and clearly be able to see who the top competetive players are currently. The landing page must also show clearly somewhere the currently monthly prize and number of unique players for that month under a header like "activity".
- **All GenTool Users** - The site must (somewhere) contain the statistics for all players that use GenTool. The reason for this is to show the world how active Zero Hour is. There are sometimes approx. 10,000 unique players on GenTool each month but only around 100 competetive players who take part on Clanwars.cc. We want to show the world the 10,000 number. The best way to do this would be to have a Competive Ladder and Casual Ladder. All players automatically take part in Casual Ladder but you enter Competetive Ladder by ticking a box somewhere, perhaps on the new website profile. How we achieve this is down to the developers and linked to the next point.
- **Effortless Setup** - Installing a DLL file through an installer might initially be ok to get the project off the ground and tested but the long term goal should be virtually no work needed from the user. Someone who has the latest GenTool should already be shown on the ladder, even without accessing the website or installing anything.
- **A World-Class ELO System** - It is imperative that as a base, we take an already established organistation and copy their ELO system, only tweaking as we see neccessary for our game. We do not need to re-create the wheel. We must take an already well-respected system and initially copy it, only with minor tweaks here and there.
- **Shown on Google** - A combination of a great website name, with strong SEO should bring in at least some clicks from a Google search. Anyone typing in "cnc" "command and conquer" "cnc ranks" "cnc ladder" "zh ladder" "zh ranks" "how to install zh" should be able to find our new site at the top of a Google search.


### Issues
This repo is issue tracking only. Feel free to post an issue!
